hi welcome to my video we are going to
cook some snails with a garlic press a
compound butter I have that recipe or a
compound value on my channel so if your
in a report be my guest
so to make that recipe here I'm going to
use our 24 snails here just so you know
about snails be part of a modest family
and we are UNIVAC meaning there's only
one shell the B valve will be your clams
or an oyster that's a unified so to cook
those 24 snails I'm going to use a you
piece of butter the tablespoon of
chopped onion and a quarter spoon of soy
a quarter cup of white wine and are you
very
so yeah I'm warming up my saute pan in
which I'm going to put my brothers gadot
you see you have a 1/2 tablespoon of
butter here I'm going to cook that
slowly and we don't want to bring it any
color to the butter then I will add my
onion stood up with my snails let it
cook a little bit then deglaze with my
white wine season it with salt and
pepper and we then put it in my little
snails plate here and top it with some
of my compound butter but in my freezer
government
the super water is almost melted I'm
going to add first the onions I'm going
to let those sweat a little bit sweat it
mean for them to reduce their water and
intensify the flavor and then they
stopped her too to the back I'm going to
put a tiny bit of salt with the onion
just to have them break down a little
bit it's nice when you cook to season as
you go you know so you develop a bit
more flavor
then I will put those nails when they
dug into my oven here my Logan is
training right now at 450 degree it
needs to be very very hard and because I
don't just want the water to melt on
them that compound or not I want it to
also kind of get some nice color I need
to brown a little bit as it's cooking in
the oven
I'm going to grab my compound butter
this is my compound butter they made
earlier smells nice
so those are 28 couple minutes I'm going
to add my snails to them going to take
that piece of daily break it in couple
pieces and put it with it sees on the
tiny week whoa
salt and pepper
let that cook for a minute - meal and
then add your wine
if you do not work if you do not want
the wine you can just skip it the wine
bring a bit of acidity to your snails
but if you prefer not to use the one
just don't use it it'd be fine
okay I'm going to do that it's not with
my wife and I'm going to let it cook to
everything about parade from my saute
pan here everything rate is done
well that is happening I'm going to cut
my pieces of compound butter yes this is
our beautiful compound butter and I'm
going to kill nicely a slice out of it
to go into my pate and I will say two
millimeter thick slices
praise them and put one on the bottom
and then one on the top
the wine on post
RIT is down here needs a little bit more
so you're reduce down so all those
snails get a wrap your arm against crap
all got that's nice seasoning psycho
paste again is getting it on to the
snail okay see it's nothing left almost
here I'm going to put those into my mode
I'm going to put two per actually put in
12 snails on each plate
just to make sure that the guests have
enough to eat you know this one snail
six nails like that as an appetizer for
me it's not enough but you only one six
it's up to you
here we go now I'm going to top does
with more butter
going to take those and place em in my
oven right away you will see in five
minutes very coming out and be a
beautiful thing
there's just be patient now you can do
almost any family nicely
they're coming up
getting poor little thing oh it's hot we
get very hot
here we go so those are your purity put
snares here I'm going to eat one right
now we do a piece of bread you need
bread pull up the Hat and try that
keep that bread in that beautiful garlic
little pasta sauce
thank you for watching it's a pleasure
to share something like that with you
but I